_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "Nathan David Obeng-Amoako"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
social_image: "https://natdave.github.io/images/headshot.jpg"
---

NatDave is a transportation researcher and engineer dedicated to shaping the next generation of intelligent, efficient, and sustainable mobility systems. His work spans traffic signal optimization, AI-powered transportation solutions, active and sustainable transportation systems, and transit operations management, ensuring cities are more connected, resilient, and people-friendly.

**Fun facts about NatDave**:
NatDave is a cycling enthusiast! He has biked thousands of miles in the USA and hundreds more in the Netherlands, Canada, France, the UK, and other Western European countries. Also, NatDave loves to play classical music on his piano during his spare time.

## Research Areas  

<div style="display: flex; flex-wrap: wrap; gap: 20px; justify-content: center;">

<div style="width: 300px; border-radius: 10px; overflow: hidden; box-shadow: 0 4px 6px rgba(0,0,0,0.1); transition: transform 0.3s;">
  <a href="#" style="text-decoration: none; color: inherit;">
    <img src="https://natdave.github.io/images/about/tsp.jpg" alt="Traffic Signal Optimization" style="width: 100%; height: auto;">
    <div style="padding: 15px;">
      <h3 style="margin: 0;">Traffic Signal Optimization & Smart Transit Priority</h3>
      <p style="font-size: 14px; color: #555;">Enhancing traffic flow and public transit reliability with smart signal control strategies.</p>
    </div>
  </a>
</div>

<div style="width: 300px; border-radius: 10px; overflow: hidden; box-shadow: 0 4px 6px rgba(0,0,0,0.1); transition: transform 0.3s;">
  <a href="#" style="text-decoration: none; color: inherit;">
    <img src="https://natdave.github.io/images/about/ai.png" alt="AI & ML in Transportation" style="width: 100%; height: auto;">
    <div style="padding: 15px;">
      <h3 style="margin: 0;">AI & ML/DL in Transportation</h3>
      <p style="font-size: 14px; color: #555;">Applying machine learning and AI to real-time traffic management and mobility solutions.</p>
    </div>
  </a>
</div>

<div style="width: 300px; border-radius: 10px; overflow: hidden; box-shadow: 0 4px 6px rgba(0,0,0,0.1); transition: transform 0.3s;">
  <a href="#" style="text-decoration: none; color: inherit;">
    <img src="https://natdave.github.io/images/about/bike.jpg" alt="Active Transportation & Sustainability" style="width: 100%; height: auto;">
    <div style="padding: 15px;">
      <h3 style="margin: 0;">Active Transportation & Sustainability</h3>
      <p style="font-size: 14px; color: #555;">Promoting cycling and sustainable mobility to create healthier, eco-friendly communities.</p>
    </div>
  </a>
</div>

<div style="width: 300px; border-radius: 10px; overflow: hidden; box-shadow: 0 4px 6px rgba(0,0,0,0.1); transition: transform 0.3s;">
  <a href="#" style="text-decoration: none; color: inherit;">
    <img src="https://natdave.github.io/images/about/transit.jpg" alt="Transit Operations & Management" style="width: 100%; height: auto;">
    <div style="padding: 15px;">
      <h3 style="margin: 0;">Transit Operations & Management</h3>
      <p style="font-size: 14px; color: #555;">Improving transit efficiency, reliability, and service planning for better urban mobility.</p>
    </div>
  </a>
</div>
</div>

---

## Education  

| Degree | Institution | Location | Year |
|---------|----------------|------------|------|
| **Ph.D. in Transportation Engineering** *(Expected)* | Northeastern University | Boston, MA, USA | 2028 |
| **M.S. in Transportation Engineering** | Northeastern University | Boston, MA, USA | 2025 |
| **B.Sc. in Civil Engineering** | Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology (KNUST) | Kumasi, Ghana | 2022 |

---

## Certifications  

| Certification | Issuing Authority | Verification |
|-----------------|---------------------|---------------|
| **Engineer-in-Training (EIT) / FE Civil** | Massachusetts Board of Registration of Professional Engineers and Land Surveyors | [Verify Credential](https://www.credly.com/badges/35f81516-e8ec-40a4-ad6c-beb2d54a2894) |

---

## My CV  
**[View Full CV](https://natdave.github.io/files/NatDaveCV.pdf)**

## Connect with Me  

| Platform | Link |
|------------|--------|
| **GitHub** | [github.com/natdave](https://github.com/natdave) |
| **LinkedIn** | [linkedin.com/in/natdave](https://www.linkedin.com/in/natdave/) |
| **Email** | [natdave545@gmail.com](mailto:natdave545@gmail.com) |

Commit message:

Revise NatDave's biography and fun facts
Updated NatDave's bio to include his role as a policy advisor and emphasize his research focus on urban mobility and transportation systems.

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "Nathan David Obeng-Amoako"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
social_image: "https://natdave.github.io/images/headshot.jpg"
---

NatDave is a transportation researcher, engineer, and policy advisor working at the intersection of technology, infrastructure, and urban mobility. His research spans intelligent traffic signal control, AI-powered transportation solutions, bicycle network connectivity, and transit operations; all aimed at creating cities that are safer, more efficient, and more livable.

As a PhD candidate at Northeastern University and member of the Massachusetts Bicycle and Pedestrian Advisory Board, NatDave bridges cutting-edge research with real-world policy impact. His research work has been funded by USDOT and MassDOT, and he's passionate about building transportation systems that prioritize people over cars.

**Fun facts about NatDave**:
Beyond the lab, NatDave is an avid cyclist who has ridden thousands of miles across the USA and explored bicycle and public transportation infrastructure in the Netherlands, Switzerland, Luxembourg, Canada, France, the UK, and other parts of Western Europe. When he's not analyzing transportation networks or advocating for better transportation infrastructure, you'll find him at his piano, playing classical music.

## Research Areas  

<div style="display: flex; flex-wrap: wrap; gap: 20px; justify-content: center;">

<div style="width: 300px; border-radius: 10px; overflow: hidden; box-shadow: 0 4px 6px rgba(0,0,0,0.1); transition: transform 0.3s;">
  <a href="#" style="text-decoration: none; color: inherit;">
    <img src="https://natdave.github.io/images/about/tsp.jpg" alt="Traffic Signal Optimization" style="width: 100%; height: auto;">
    <div style="padding: 15px;">
      <h3 style="margin: 0;">Traffic Signal Optimization & Smart Transit Priority</h3>
      <p style="font-size: 14px; color: #555;">Enhancing traffic flow and public transit reliability with smart signal control strategies.</p>
    </div>
  </a>
</div>

<div style="width: 300px; border-radius: 10px; overflow: hidden; box-shadow: 0 4px 6px rgba(0,0,0,0.1); transition: transform 0.3s;">
  <a href="#" style="text-decoration: none; color: inherit;">
    <img src="https://natdave.github.io/images/about/ai.png" alt="AI & ML in Transportation" style="width: 100%; height: auto;">
    <div style="padding: 15px;">
      <h3 style="margin: 0;">AI & ML/DL in Transportation</h3>
      <p style="font-size: 14px; color: #555;">Applying machine learning and AI to real-time traffic management and mobility solutions.</p>
    </div>
  </a>
</div>

<div style="width: 300px; border-radius: 10px; overflow: hidden; box-shadow: 0 4px 6px rgba(0,0,0,0.1); transition: transform 0.3s;">
  <a href="#" style="text-decoration: none; color: inherit;">
    <img src="https://natdave.github.io/images/about/bike.jpg" alt="Active Transportation & Sustainability" style="width: 100%; height: auto;">
    <div style="padding: 15px;">
      <h3 style="margin: 0;">Active Transportation & Sustainability</h3>
      <p style="font-size: 14px; color: #555;">Promoting cycling and sustainable mobility to create healthier, eco-friendly communities.</p>
    </div>
  </a>
</div>

<div style="width: 300px; border-radius: 10px; overflow: hidden; box-shadow: 0 4px 6px rgba(0,0,0,0.1); transition: transform 0.3s;">
  <a href="#" style="text-decoration: none; color: inherit;">
    <img src="https://natdave.github.io/images/about/transit.jpg" alt="Transit Operations & Management" style="width: 100%; height: auto;">
    <div style="padding: 15px;">
      <h3 style="margin: 0;">Transit Operations & Management</h3>
      <p style="font-size: 14px; color: #555;">Improving transit efficiency, reliability, and service planning for better urban mobility.</p>
    </div>
  </a>
</div>
</div>

---

## Education  

| Degree | Institution | Location | Year |
|---------|----------------|------------|------|
| **Ph.D. in Transportation Engineering** *(Expected)* | Northeastern University | Boston, MA, USA | 2028 |
| **M.S. in Transportation Engineering** | Northeastern University | Boston, MA, USA | 2025 |
| **B.Sc. in Civil Engineering** | Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology (KNUST) | Kumasi, Ghana | 2022 |

---

## Certifications  

| Certification | Issuing Authority | Verification |
|-----------------|---------------------|---------------|
| **Engineer-in-Training (EIT) / FE Civil** | Massachusetts Board of Registration of Professional Engineers and Land Surveyors | [Verify Credential](https://www.credly.com/badges/35f81516-e8ec-40a4-ad6c-beb2d54a2894) |

---

## My CV  
**[View Full CV](https://natdave.github.io/files/NatDaveCV.pdf)**

## Connect with Me  

| Platform | Link |
|------------|--------|
| **GitHub** | [github.com/natdave](https://github.com/natdave) |
| **LinkedIn** | [linkedin.com/in/natdave](https://www.linkedin.com/in/natdave/) |
| **Email** | [natdave545@gmail.com](mailto:natdave545@gmail.com) |
